[DC-271] Create test dataset metadata in dev catalog (#48)
DataBiosphere/terra-data-catalog: scripts/hca/README.md

> ## Building the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the code
```

1. Create and activate the Python virtual environment and install dependencies:

```sh
python3 -m venv .env
source .env/bin/activate
pip install --upgrade pip
pip install black tqdm
```

3. Generate and save an `AUTH_TOKEN` which is required to make API requests:

```sh
AUTH_TOKEN="Authorization: Bearer $(gcloud auth application-default print-access-token)"
```

> 4. Extract the HCA project and snapshot data as JSON files. `create-hca-collection.py` combines the two to create a collection file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Extract the HCA project and snapshot data as JSON files. `create-hca-collection.py` combines the two to create a collection file.

```

nit: newline

```sh
python3 extract-hca-projects.py
python3 extract-hca-snapshots.py
python3 create-hca-collection
```

> 5. `.env/bin/activate` must be used to activate the virtual env to avoid a `tqdm` error in `ingest-hca-collection.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `.env/bin/activate` must be used to activate the virtual env to avoid a `tqdm` error in `ingest-hca-collection.py`.

```

nit: newline

## Building the code

> 1. Create a Python Virtual Environment for so some lines of code can run.
> ```sh
> python3 -m venv .env
> ```
> 2. ```.env/bin/activate``` engages the environment so  pip and black tqm can be installed.
> ```sh
> source .env/bin/activate
> ```
> 3. install python dependencies
> ```sh
> pip install --upgrade pip
> pip install black tqdm
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create and activate the Python virtual environment and install dependencies:

```sh
python3 -m venv .env
source .env/bin/activate
pip install --upgrade pip
pip install black tqdm
```

```

> 4. generate and save a AUTH_TOKEN which is required to make API requests.
> ```sh
> AUTH_TOKEN="Authorization: Bearer $(gcloud auth application-default print-access-token)"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Generate and save an `AUTH_TOKEN` which is required to make API requests:

```sh
AUTH_TOKEN="Authorization: Bearer $(gcloud auth application-default print-access-token)"
```

```

> 5. run python code to extract the project and snapshot data as json files. ```create-hca-collection``` combines the two to create a collection file
> ```sh
> python3 extract-hca-projects.py
> python3 extract-hca-snapshots.py
> python3 create-hca-collection
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Extract the HCA project and snapshot data as JSON files. `create-hca-collection.py` combines the two to create a collection file.

```sh
python3 extract-hca-projects.py
python3 extract-hca-snapshots.py
python3 create-hca-collection
```

```

> 6. ```.env/bin/activate``` must be used to create an environment so  ```ingest-hca-collection``` script can run and to avoid a tpq error.
> ```sh
> source .env/bin/activate
> python3 ingest-hca-collection.py
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. `.env/bin/activate` must be used to activate the virtual env to avoid a `tqdm` error in `ingest-hca-collection.py`.

```sh
source .env/bin/activate
python3 ingest-hca-collection.py
```

```

> Currrently Missing command to delete files generated after testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think we need this line item.
